---
title: "Stand out, produce stuff, build in the open"
date: 2025-04-24
categories: [rebuild]
---

### Some background
Since I last mentioned about my back injury in this blog, it's been well over 5 years now, and they just flew by. In that period I've become a father to a daughter who just might be sweetest in the world, totaly failed at managing / healing my injury, got to a point physically that was my worst - fat and depressed, thought that am not built to do jobs and quit without having any side hustle or backup plan. It's been an year since I quit the job, and wonder where that year went. Anyways, here I am at this juncture that urgency has hit back once more in my life and I must get an "unhealthy obsession" kinda routine to make me stand out in at least one direction, even if it's getting back to a job.

### Where I stand now
I want to work at a very good tech company, likes of Google, Meta which would give me some validation and self satisfaction. Going to an mediocre company might be plausible at the current situation, but I strongly don't want to get stuck there. But from what I perceive now, it's impossible to get my profile pass the resume shortlisting at top companies, unless there is a aggressive hiring and HRs are reaching out themselves. But in that case I might easily get thrown out in initial couple of interviews.

### Making myself stand out
So here is my plan to stand out so that recruiters or professionals appreciate the work I generate and recommend it towards good roles. No more working in the silo of following some training and writing a bunch of codes, having those bullshit repos on my laptop or maybe a private githup repo. I want to explain things in my blogs, expose myself to the world of vlogging while learning new stuff and in general growing. Also  I think I can teach not just tech, but also handling back pain to some extent, although not in medical terms.

#### What will I blog about:
- Basic steps of doing Exploratory Data Analysis
- Handling issues with structured data
- Regression algorithms - from scratch, and using libraries
- Classification algorithms - from scratch, and using libraries
- Clustering algoritms - from scratch, and using libraries
- [Grow the list]

#### What will I make videos about:
- Re-building back, what makes seating so painful for someone who already has a back problem
- Fat loss, why can it be so easy
- Starting CALISTHENICS
- About coding algorithms from scratch

#### Steps of execution:
- Initially I plan to post a blog every alternate day at least, at least uptil the topics are relatively trivial
- Maybe 2 videos every week, this is a tough one to target maybe.

I want to post and update to this blog in a month time, to document my journey. My back is against a wall, so f*** it, let's do it.

Cheers!